Document Billing Entity Design (#139)
appuio/appuio-io-docs: docs/modules/ROOT/pages/references/functional-requirements/portal.adoc

* Create resources
* Update resources
* Delete resources

== Feature: Manage Billing Information

> > As an xref:references/glossary.adoc#_organization-owner[Organization Owner] +
> > I want to choose how my resources are billed +
> > So that I can have I can simplify the setup for me and my users.

Reviewer: While we should look at things from a users' perspective, here it does not work. A user does not have a motivation to give us that information. It is actually us that have a need here.

```suggestion
> As a service provider +
> I want users to link Orgnaisations to BillingEntities +
> So that I know where the invoice can be sent to.
```

Or something along that line. Feel free to improve.
